{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1\ql{{\fs36 Reference list}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Apple (2020). {\i App Store}. [online] Apple (United Kingdom). Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.apple.com/uk/app-store/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.apple.com/uk/app-store/}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Baker, N. (2023). {\i Online Gaming Statistics 2023 Report - Online Gaming Facts and Stats}. [online] Uswitch. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.uswitch.com/broadband/studies/online-gaming-statistics/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.uswitch.com/broadband/studies/online-gaming-statistics/}} [Accessed 6 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Chi, C. (2019). {\i 2019 YouTube Demographics [New Data]}. [online] Hubspot.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/youtube-demographics"}}{\fldrslt https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/youtube-demographics}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Cooper, P. (2019). {\i 28 Twitter Statistics All Marketers Should Know in 2019}. [online] Hootsuite Social Media Management. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.hootsuite.com/twitter-statistics/"}}{\fldrslt https://blog.hootsuite.com/twitter-statistics/}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Epic Games (2023). {\i Epic Games Store - Rocket League}. [online] Epicgames.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/rocket-league"}}{\fldrslt https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/rocket-league}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Google (2021). {\i Android Apps on Google Play}. [online] Google.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://play.google.com/store/games"}}{\fldrslt https://play.google.com/store/games}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Jovanovic, B. (2022). {\i Gamer Demographics: Facts About the Most Popular Hobby}. [online] Dataprot. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dataprot.net/statistics/gamer-demographics/"}}{\fldrslt https://dataprot.net/statistics/gamer-demographics/}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Microsoft (2023). {\i Microsoft Apps}. [online] Microsoft.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apps.microsoft.com/store/apps"}}{\fldrslt https://apps.microsoft.com/store/apps}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Nintendo (2023). {\i Home | My Nintendo Store}. [online] Nintendo UK. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://store.nintendo.co.uk/en?gclid=Cj0KCQjw7PCjBhDwARIsANo7CgndeDlAphNmafbGRCuTVdrqnEiEc08_3BRAhwmnUSfBgyAwhGNZit8aAn4XEALw_wcB&gad=1&gclsrc=aw.ds"}}{\fldrslt https://store.nintendo.co.uk/en?gclid=Cj0KCQjw7PCjBhDwARIsANo7CgndeDlAphNmafbGRCuTVdrqnEiEc08_3BRAhwmnUSfBgyAwhGNZit8aAn4XEALw_wcB&gad=1&gclsrc=aw.ds}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Playstation (2023). {\i Latest | Official PlayStation{\super TM}Store UK}. [online] Playstation.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://store.playstation.com/en-gb/pages/latest"}}{\fldrslt https://store.playstation.com/en-gb/pages/latest}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Porumboiu, D. (2021). {\i Innovation Methods: the What, Why and How}. [online] Viima.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.viima.com/blog/innovation-methods"}}{\fldrslt https://www.viima.com/blog/innovation-methods}} [Accessed 2 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Statistica (2021). {\i Favorite video game types worldwide 2021 | Statista}. [online] Statista. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.statista.com/statistics/371020/consumer-preferred-video-game-types/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.statista.com/statistics/371020/consumer-preferred-video-game-types/}} [Accessed 6 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Steam (2022). {\i Steam Store}. [online] Steampowered.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://store.steampowered.com/"}}{\fldrslt https://store.steampowered.com/}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Stojanovic, M. (2021). {\i 15 Interesting Gamer Demographics in 2021}. [online] Playtoday. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://playtoday.co/blog/stats/gamer-demographics/"}}{\fldrslt https://playtoday.co/blog/stats/gamer-demographics/}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Unity (n.d.). {\i Unity Gaming Services}. [online] dashboard.unity3d.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dashboard.unity3d.com/gaming/organizations/5772532755531/projects/d2b5dcad-6b17-4f1d-9d21-ea5d87dbac8f/environments/1f6e8db8-f6d0-4aee-9cc7-fee99f35b4fb/relay/overview"}}{\fldrslt https://dashboard.unity3d.com/gaming/organizations/5772532755531/projects/d2b5dcad-6b17-4f1d-9d21-ea5d87dbac8f/environments/1f6e8db8-f6d0-4aee-9cc7-fee99f35b4fb/relay/overview}} [Accessed 7 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 ViscapMedia (n.d.). {\i Understanding Instagram Demographics by Industry: Know How to Target Users the Right Way \uc0\u8211  Viscap Media}. [online] ViscapMedia. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://viscapmedia.com/articles/instagram-demographics/"}}{\fldrslt https://viscapmedia.com/articles/instagram-demographics/}}.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Wald, H., Mercante, A., Gerblick, J. and Donnelly, J. (2022). {\i The 25 best party games to play at home}. [online] gamesradar. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.gamesradar.com/best-party-games/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.gamesradar.com/best-party-games/}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Xbox (2023). {\i Xbox Official Site: Consoles, Games and Community | Xbox}. [online] Xbox.com. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.xbox.com/en-gb/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.xbox.com/en-gb/}} [Accessed 4 Jun. 2023].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Yanev, V. (2019). {\i Video Game Demographis - 25 Powerful Stats for 2020}. [online] TechJury. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://techjury.net/blog/video-game-demographics/"}}{\fldrslt https://techjury.net/blog/video-game-demographics/}}.\par}}
}
